.\" Copyright 2015 Philip Chimento <philip.chimento@gmail.com>
.TH JASMINE 1 "March 1, 2015"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
jasmine \- run Jasmine test suites
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jasmine
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\-color ]
.RB [ \-\-no\-color ]
.RB [ \-\-config
.IR file ]
.RB [ \-\-no\-config ]
.RB [ \-\-verbose ]
.RB [ \-\-tap ]
.RB [ \-\-junit
.RI [ file "]] " files " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
Jasmine is a behavior-driven development framework for the GJS Javascript
interpreter.
The
.B jasmine
command is a test runner for Jasmine test suites that has several different
output formats.
.PP
The
.I files
specified on the command line are imported and all Jasmine specs defined therein
are executed.
You may also specify whole directories in
.IR files ,
in which case the directories are searched recursively and files ending in
.I .js
will be imported.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-color
Print output in color, if the chosen output format supports it.
.TP
.BI \-\-config " file"
Use
.I file
as the configuration file, instead of
.IR jasmine.json .
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.BI \-\-junit " file"
In addition to the format used to report results to the console (default,
.BR \-\-verbose ,
or
.BR \-\-tap ,)
output test results to a JUnit-style XML file to
.IR file ,
suitable for integration with Jenkins.
If
.I file
is not given, output to
.I report.xml
in the current directory.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-color
Do not print output in color, even if the chosen output format supports it.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-config
Don't use a configuration file, even if one is present.
.TP
.B \-\-tap
Report results with the TAP (Test Anything Protocol) reporter, suitable for
integration with Automake.
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Report results with the verbose reporter, similar to Mocha's default reporter.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The
.B jasmine
utility exits with 0 on success, or with 1 if any tests failed or an internal
error occurred.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The JASMINE_UNINSTALLED environment variable can be used for debugging Jasmine.
It is not recommended to set this variable during normal use.
.SH FILES
By default, Jasmine reads from a configuration file called
.I jasmine.json
in the current directory, if such a file exists.
This can be influenced with the
.B \-\-config
and
.B \-\-no\-config
options.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/ptomato/jasmine-gjs/issues on GitHub.
